Remaining work to be done before adv440 is ready for additional testing and then
porting to the iPad:

I.  Code

1. Endgame logic needs to be fixed - currently it only scores the "success" scenario
It needs to score the other ways of "blowing it" ...

2. Unicorn logic needs to be fixed

3. Chalice logic needs to be fixed
Both Unicorn and Chalice were introduced in 440 but greatly expanded in 770
I initially removed them completely but need to reinstate them in the limited
mode they were in 440

4. Pirate still seems bugged - I'll need to work with Mike Arnautov on this.  I am
not sure if it's my bug or his.

5. A bug when I am in the building and say "in" - I am then taken back to the path!

II. Testing

1. Test that all the treasures in 440 added after 350 can be collected and that
all the puzzles work properly - especially the sewer area!
I've tested all the 350 treasures and puzzles and it appears to be fine.

2. Test end-to-end - before turning this loose to other testers win a complete 440-point
game!

3. Verify that all the giant stuff including ruby and legal documents works right.
I suspect a bug in here ....

4. Verify all the outdoor locations - I think I may have removed one description 
incorrectly.  Although the castle isn't used in 440 it should be visible.

III.  Documentation

1. I need a map (to the same quality as my adv770 map)
2. I'll want a walkthrough - even if I don't publish it (yet)
3. Work with Mike to improve the a-code documentation and to be sure that the new exec 
codes are documented

IV.  General clean-up

1. When I am sure it's all right (or 98% or so right) remove all the commented code
and vestiges (in comments etc.) of post-adv440 code e.g. references to a vampire

2. Replace deprecated code with preferred version

3. (maybe a subset of 2) - replace logic that has a lot of nested ifs with "otherwise" 
Where it would be more clear to the reader

IV.  Final cross-check

1. Go back and find everyplace where I've place a "btb" or "debug" in a comment 
and make sure I've addressed it properly - and then cleanup the comment ...